hello, if you have that kind of weather
Servus tv this time with a salsa of
plus here the barn of the ds in summer
a true paradise for all athletes
I'm looking forward to canyoning of fire
drive or even on rafting
That can be dangerous, though
On the other hand, if the athlete turns
even overestimate if they are without
professional guidance are on the way
but even if the weather is not
play along
if it is a few miles further up
thunderstorm rains then it can
the river down here in a raging
monster bike and thank god
That's why I today with the water rescue
go and leave me alone
save for once
who knows how good you are
for many years to be part of what
we have planned for an accident today
today in front of a rescue fund in the
sun they only want to get out of the dead
fall and from the colleagues
with 1000
then how should I follow myself
look behave
The compass around water means you look
that you have the pension too
and I write you to secure it
very well
Of course, this is traveling
a law spoke that
Glacier water from the traffic below
currently brings about 12 13 years and a
very different flow
subsets quick questions and a
wide, quieter threshold
the particular frequencies which bills
compared to others wins
water savers that are special
trained lifeguards the same
have learned specifically
to live the water and the
to calculate flow conditions in
Everyone can do well in a calm water
I am always very educated
act or his brother likes to be here
you also have a lot of knowledge
Do not bring yourself around
to bring danger
ok one last correct question i would have
not yet with us is always the on
Most can talk for now still on
best and we have to do that the longest
waiting
ok then ask now
and while the professionals are doing that
boat still look out of the water
Let's look at where we actually are
are the salzach springs here in the
kitzbüheler alpen then flows direction
east and does with black the congo
Where we are right now is a turning point and how it is
then further north and empties in
how much water does the salt cause?
does not matter how it is here now
weather is local but also about
what weather conditions in the high
tauern prevail here originate many
small source rivers then in the
salzach open
that means when sport rains a lot then
can produce enormous amounts of water here
be guided and the water level
It's growing so fast that it's special
dangerous
These situations occur mainly in the
june to september so please
watch out
apropos we have but in the missing
our reader why some more
upriver happened where he knows what
area who now have to search exactly
so for us in the three factors relevant
once the accident place where the whole
happened then the accident time and
Based on the flow rate you can
then rather calm as in this
which can be aborted
he already reaches the maximum limit
has lagged that one times the
can narrow down the area
how many times a year have to move out
higher in that the trends advise in
the last time to take more and more
you can safely say Austria
well over the summer season every second
day an alarm with partly also
Fehlalarmierungen where you just because
a boat that drifts only in the water
be alerted but that persons
sat
what do I have to look out for?
number of persons so basically once
behind the rock, if you are here
looks
or when first trees are in the hang
the person caught inside or in
a cluster that this area where the
flow back up the river and
the person then held in there
becomes
maas and look over there I hope
that not on a helmet actually yes
salzburger 1 come for wilders
we have a missing person water
behind the tunnel bypass behind one
stone on the left bank of the river
is fortunately everything went well the
quote you know what you do you see
how fast can the water level
change at all and which ones
this can happen relatively quickly
if it comes to the conclusion and
are a strong thunderstorm in the mountains
meter goes then suddenly came the
water level rises significantly
flow rate increase
it comes on friday in the tree trunks
Wood represents obstacles in the water
the flow in the water can be so
prevent you from putting it otherwise
were pulled down safely
or obstacles come so fast
on a train that you can not anymore
can dodge in time
that sounds pretty dramatic
it means exactly if it is not the
power of water so much
I want to know that in one
small experiment
what does it actually mean for the
Water rescue if it is really much
the water level is rising and rising
hence the flow speed
increased because we just look in
to a model
we have prepared such influences here
already tied up with it
Sure, two little kayakers are like that
and now let it rain
Here we have a normal one
Flow rate is always nice
the grave water advice and you
poured on and you can see that too
hide quietly plagues that
he still represents the driver at all
what does that mean in practice for now
you the flow speeds as well as
The salzach are about two to three
meters per second in this area
affect about 40 kilograms on one
body salvaged from the water
if it should be
flow velocity doubles before
54 already this force is additional
even the surface is a factor of
the surface played a bigger role
the greater the power of the house
the body thus acts when the
sporting in the torrential river was
unhappy lot more very
exciting a lot in the tank, I've
first felt it is important for
I'm looking forward to the next one
times on servus the weather on servustv
I hope you are back when
We show you where the weather is like
I think you have to abkannen
apa
I do not believe anyone in good